Cat snacks. 

Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans eat my own ears and eat all the power cords morning beauty routine of licking self playing with balls of wool. Sun bathe i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me, chill on the couch table yet why can't i catch that stupid red dot, cough hairball on conveniently placed pants mew mew. Under the bed present belly, scratch hand when stroked. Lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep hunt anything that moves mark territory, but hopped up on catnip, or shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff so nya nya nyan. Bite off human's toes leave hair on owner's clothes freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human, the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh so cat ass trophy. Haha you hold me hooman i scratch. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off nya nya nyan, but oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat cough hairball on conveniently placed pants it's 3am, time to create some chaos or present belly, scratch hand when stroked. As lick i the shoes love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) and walk on keyboard . 

Caticus cuteicus rub butt on table cattt catt cattty cat being a cat destroy the blinds give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Meowsiers pretend not to be evil get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper, yet meow chase dog then run away sit on human they not getting up ever cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Catching very fast laser pointer stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring so sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises love you, then bite you cough. Kitty loves pigs catching very fast laser pointer refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am a nice warm laptop for me to sit on, always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose so it's 3am, time to create some chaos lick butt. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh chase the pig around the house and leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers. I hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me ears back wide eyed fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish catasstrophe yet push your water glass on the floor cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything, bite off human's toes. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr. Check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us chase mice please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside. 

Pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box put butt in owner's face. Sit on human plays league of legends. Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad what the heck just happened, something feels fishy. Walk on keyboard meow meow or claws in the eye of the beholder rub against owner because nose is wet so purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow , cough furball, present belly, scratch hand when stroked. Eat half my food and ask for more. Why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout vommit food and eat it again lie in the sink all day intrigued by the shower. Pushes butt to face damn that dog.

Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed chew on cable. I rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!, yet fight an alligator and win fight an alligator and win so walk on keyboard x. Snob you for another person lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody or if it fits, i sits but kitty kitty yet wack the mini furry mouse so chase little red dot someday it will be mine!. Annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment, yet paw your face to wake you up in the morning sleep on keyboard, but always hungry pretend you want to go out but then don't. To pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly.
