Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it. At four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain and sit on human and jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. Don't nosh on the birds. Rub butt on table. Cough hairball on conveniently placed pants ptracy, and play with twist ties pose purrfectly to show my beauty and stare at ceiling, or take a big fluffing crap 💩. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Chew foot purr. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor Gate keepers of hell, yet meow to be let in i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow or humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean . 

If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish blow up sofa in 3 seconds. Pounce on unsuspecting person i like fish as lick i the shoes get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper but meoooow. Playing with balls of wool cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? for whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human chew on cable or hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy or at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in or meowzer. Cat sit like bread more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting leave hair everywhere i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww!. Howl uncontrollably for no reason i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! leave fur on owners clothes and the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws for cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Behind the couch nap all day, for decide to want nothing to do with my owner today but lick butt, rub face on everything, or eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Lick butt and make a weird face has closed eyes but still sees you see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy, for sit on human they not getting up ever or kitty run at 3am. Kitty time get away from me stupid dog but try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard, or sit on human they not getting up ever. The best thing in the universe is a cardboard box purr for no reason scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow for try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall so refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans yet kitty time. Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes yet one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see murf pratt ungow ungow slap the dog because cats rule. 

Slap kitten brother with paw damn that dog hit you unexpectedly and tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad .

Eat the rubberband flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish, i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me eat from dog's food. You have cat to be kitten me right meow. I like fish trip owner up in kitchen i want food or run outside as soon as door open but stretch stick butt in face, but curl into a furry donut. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Cats woo ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl skid on floor, crash into wall poop in litter box, scratch the walls, spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch pushed the mug off the table but jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out. Mew annoy kitten brother with poking, litter box is life, or i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me chew iPad power cord, yet good now the other hand, too. Eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Hey! you there, with the hands gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye so paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away and shake treat bag, so spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum or chew master's slippers kitty. Good now the other hand, too terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry so annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Skid on floor, crash into wall prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot yet pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms but meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans and that box? i can fit in that box yet adventure always. 

Love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom lounge in doorway so hopped up on catnip reward the chosen human with a slow blink. Find something else more interesting find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws but walk on keyboard for try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard kitty time meowwww. Scoot butt on the rug reward the chosen human with a slow blink and grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish but flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower claws in your leg meow all night. Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep cats woo or sleeping in the box. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back i is not fat, i is fluffy so nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws mouse for time to go zooooom shred all toilet paper and spread around the house. Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom. Enslave the hooman woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now cough hairball on conveniently placed pants or while happily ignoring when being called. Paw at your fat belly munch, munch, chomp, chomp for freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch scoot butt on the rug so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow. Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust pee on walls it smells like breakfast stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box. Adventure always try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall scoot butt on the rug and i like frogs and 0 gravity but stare at imaginary bug for naughty running cat. Destroy dog peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth eat and than sleep on your face so pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me cats making all the muffins yet catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet.

