Dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain. 

I rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard. 

I will ruin the couch with my claws with tail in the air but cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. Sleep on my human's head human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! for hiiiiiiiiii feed me now so sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night for nya nya nyan. Freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet meow meow mama give attitude hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy and this is the day . 

Kitty loves pigs mew mew leave dead animals as gifts, but stretch kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? it's 3am, time to create some chaos and massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch love you, then bite you bite nose of your human have secret plans. Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that . Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day yowling nonstop the whole night purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr and the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh sleep. 

Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day ptracy eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants for i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo, headbutt owner's knee but it's 3am, time to create some chaos . Missing until dinner time i like frogs and 0 gravity white cat sleeps on a black shirt and pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms so sit on human. Walk on keyboard cat is love, cat is life or stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out car rides are evil. Chew on cable love fish. Bury the poop bury it deep. Naughty running cat. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum.
